more skills
    - guard
        enemies attack your proficient weapons with disadvantage


Classes
    Troglodyte
        unarmed attack better
        Light level always 1
        Eat monsters?
            When you use an unarmed attack on a corpse, chance to gain nourishment
            tiny monsters drop as edible items
    Lightfoot -
        extra luck (or chance to keep luck on use)
        less health/stamina/inventory?
    Brute - 
        More max stamina/health
        Can't move diagonally backwards

Injuries
    Chance of injury on damage. chance increases with damage dealt, decreases with current health.
        Leg - chance to fail when moving
        Arm - chance to fail when rotating
        Body - chance to fail turn when resting
        Head - chance to take different action when moving
    Different options from different damage types?
        Artery - chance to lose health each turn unless bandaged?
    Perhaps all damage types do leg, arm, body, head. Then each type has a special injury as well. Concussion for blunt, artery for edged. 


Spawn village?
    add wild animals with 1-5% spawn chance
    edit map save on exit to decrease goblin spawn chance and increase wild animal spawn chance

Cartography tools
    Use to 'record' a percentage of tiles you can see. Just records if there is wall or floor.
    See recorded walls/floors outside of view as faded image
    minimap that shows recorded portions of current map?

techniques
     new unlockable movement options. Perhaps one for each strike type, unlocked by using that strike type?
    can only have one

crazy weapon - extends from both ends of you. doable? worth implementing?

controls diagram visible on screen

stat boost potions

doors - walls that can be attacked and "open" or disappear upon bumping into them.
some entities can do this, others cant.
how to close... ???

veto one perk each levelup

talismans - items that give perk-ish benefits while in your quickbar
    vigor - +1 stamina per turn
    nourishment - lower chance to lose hunger
    frost - each turn, chance to stun each ajacent enemy
    of the mule - +50% bulk capacity
    of fury - + 20% crit chance


    monsters that only walk along walls

    skill - swift - monsters attack the tile you were in last turn

Burning status - when on player, lose hp each turn until you use a wait action to pat off (can't wait otherwise)
    when on monster, treat focus as 0, lose hp each turn, chance to remove each turn. MAybe when they stay in place? Transfer to other units when hit them.

v0.6.0
travel
    Remove town screen. Everything works like dungeon now, just different levels of "zoomed out".
    When exit dungeon, enter "map" mode, which is way zoomed out. Traveling costs time here. As time passes, become more tired.
    In map mode, navigate between points of interest, including towns.
    When enter town, navigate it like a dungeon. Shop/tavern are entities. (behind the scenes, they will work as containers and their options will be pseudoitems.)
    eventually - map is procedurally generated with different dungeons in different locations each game. Have a vision radius, remember what you've seen.
sound